Indian Technology Companies: Founders, Cities and Products

Infosys is an information technology company founded by Narayana Murthy in 1981.
Infosys is headquartered in Bengaluru. Infosys develops the Finacle banking platform.

Narayana Murthy studied at IIT Kanpur. Narayana Murthy previously worked at
Patni Computer Systems before starting his own company.

Wipro is a technology company headquartered in Bengaluru. Wipro was founded by
Azim Premji. Wipro develops the Wipro Cloud platform.

Azim Premji studied at Stanford University. Azim Premji created the
Azim Premji Foundation.

Flipkart is an e-commerce company founded by Sachin Bansal in 2007. Flipkart is
headquartered in Bengaluru. Flipkart was acquired by Walmart in 2018. Flipkart
develops the PhonePe payments product.

Sachin Bansal studied at IIT Delhi. Sachin Bansal previously worked at Amazon.
Sachin Bansal later founded Navi.

Navi is a financial services company headquartered in Bengaluru. Navi develops
the Navi lending product.

Tata Consultancy Services is an information technology company headquartered in
Mumbai. Tata Consultancy Services is part of the Tata Group.

The Tata Group was founded by Jamsetji Tata. The Tata Group is headquartered in
Mumbai.

Reliance Jio is a telecommunications company headquartered in Mumbai. Reliance Jio
was founded by Mukesh Ambani. Reliance Jio is part of Reliance Industries.

Mukesh Ambani studied at the Institute of Chemical Technology. Mukesh Ambani is the
son of Dhirubhai Ambani.

Dhirubhai Ambani founded Reliance Industries. Dhirubhai Ambani was born in Chorwad.

Zoho is a software company founded by Sridhar Vembu in 1996. Zoho is headquartered
in Chennai. Zoho develops the Zoho CRM product.

Sridhar Vembu studied at IIT Madras. Sridhar Vembu previously worked at
Qualcomm.

Freshworks is a software company headquartered in Chennai. Freshworks was founded
by Girish Mathrubootham in 2010. Freshworks develops the Freshdesk product.

Girish Mathrubootham studied at the National Institute of Technology Trichy.
Girish Mathrubootham previously worked at Zoho.

Paytm is a digital payments company founded by Vijay Shekhar Sharma. Paytm is
headquartered in Noida. Paytm develops the Paytm Wallet product.

Vijay Shekhar Sharma studied at Delhi College of Engineering.

HCL Technologies is an information technology company headquartered in Noida.
HCL Technologies was founded by Shiv Nadar in 1976.

Shiv Nadar studied at PSG College of Technology. Shiv Nadar created the
Shiv Nadar Foundation.

Zomato is a food delivery company founded by Deepinder Goyal in 2008. Zomato is
headquartered in Gurugram. Zomato acquired Blinkit in 2022.

Deepinder Goyal studied at IIT Delhi. Deepinder Goyal previously worked at
Bain and Company.

Blinkit is a quick commerce company headquartered in Gurugram. Blinkit was founded
by Albinder Dhindsa.

Ola is a ride-hailing company founded by Bhavish Aggarwal in 2010. Ola is
headquartered in Bengaluru.

Bhavish Aggarwal studied at IIT Bombay. Bhavish Aggarwal also founded Ola Electric.

Ola Electric manufactures electric scooters. Ola Electric is headquartered in
Bengaluru.

Swiggy is a food delivery company headquartered in Bengaluru. Swiggy was founded
by Sriharsha Majety in 2014. Swiggy competes with Zomato.

Sriharsha Majety studied at IIM Calcutta.

Byju's is an education technology company headquartered in Bengaluru. Byju's was
founded by Byju Raveendran in 2011. Byju's acquired Aakash Educational Services.

Aakash Educational Services is headquartered in Delhi. Aakash Educational Services
was founded by Jagdish Chaudhary.
